Padgett nation is pretty simple in the resource section.
I provide a link to world presses page nation Codex page typically page nation tends to be difficult
because you have to account for various scenarios.
However as you can see here WordPress provides a few functions that we can use for Patch a nation.
These functions will work universally on various templates and different types of pages.
This is great because now you don't have to do a lot of the work WordPress will do the heavy lifting
for you.
All you have to do is call these functions in the appropriate locations open the index template inside
your editor at the bottom of the template you'll see the static pageant Asian buttons right above the
links.
I'm going to place my code here.
Call the function next posts link this function is pretty simple it will check if there are older posts
and if there is then it'll output a link to that page.
There is an optional parameter which is the text to display.
I'm going to use the text I had in the static pages nation link.
Next we're going to use a function called previous posts link which does the same thing as our previous
function.
Except it checks for newer posts.
I'll also pass in the same text in its static version.
I'm going to common out the static version of the patch a nation links.
We'll be needing them later.
So no need to get rid of them.
All right let's refresh the page and test out the page nation links.
The links shouldn't be appearing and working.
However there is a problem they don't have the nice styling.
Unfortunately these can't be changed through the function.
Instead we have to use something called filters to accomplish this.
We haven't gotten that far.
So for now we're going to leave things as is in a future lecture.
We'll be fixing these passive nation links to look more like the static template after we've discussed
filters.
Now that everything is working perfectly.
Let's take a look at our template.
When we started we had a few hundred lines of code with the help of WordPress.
It's been reduced heavily to less than 100 lines of code.
We worried very little about the code.
It's extremely easy to integrate your template into a word resting.
We haven't had to write one single database query or perform any checks.
This is the power of WordPress.
It is this simple.
This concludes this section.
We started out with a static HD email template and converted it into a functioning WordPress thing.
This theme is not even close to complete but look at how far we got in such a short amount of time.
I'm going to recap over some of the things we've learned so far.
One of the most important steps we took was loading the style sheets and scripts.
We did this by registering and then queuing them a lot of beginners usually want to avoid this step
and just manually link them in the head tax.
However this is considered bad practice.
You end up missing out on a lot of the features WordPress provides.
There are plugins out there that provide compression modification and concatenation all these concepts
speed up your site significantly.
These features are only available if you register and then queue your files so it's always important
that you use the proper hooks and functions for loading your files never manually place them in the
head tags.
The next thing we did was start displaying the menus.
There are two ways to go about this.
You can manually create your own menu system.
This is a completely acceptable solution but it is not a common one.
WordPress provides this feature along with others for you.
All you have to do is register a menu and then display it in your template.
WordPress takes care of managing and processing the data for you.
After that we began splitting up the template into various sections.
This makes our code more readable and easier to manage.
We also took care of creating the form and began displaying the posts.
The steps we took were pretty simple.
I want to stress that even though all this was simple You shouldn't take this process lightly.
Most developers will try and stuff all their coding in as little files as possible.
While this does speed things up it can make things harder to scale.
You should be very conscious about how you organize your files and what you put in them.
You'll repeatedly see me try and separate our code throughout this course and the next section.
We're going to start working on other templates templates gives you the opportunity to display content
in various styles.
You'll see what that looks like in the next few lectures.